{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1671\cocoasubrtf200
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica-Bold;\f1\fnil\fcharset0 HelveticaNeue;\f2\fnil\fcharset0 HelveticaNeue-Bold;
}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red0\green0\blue0;\red40\green40\blue40;\red210\green145\blue15;
}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;\cssrgb\c0\c0\c0;\cssrgb\c20784\c20784\c20784;\cssrgb\c86275\c63137\c5098;
}
\margl1079\margr1079
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b\fs28 \cf2 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
Siri analyses how you use your device to provide personalised suggestions and better search\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0\fs24 \cf3 \
Siri learns how you use your devices in order to personalise your experience. Using information stored on your device, such as your Safari browsing history, emails, messages and contacts, as well as information contributed by other installed apps, Siri can provide suggestions in Spotlight, Look Up, Photos Memories, and more. You can see the full list of features that Siri personalises in the Siri section of System Preferences, under Siri Suggestions & Privacy.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b\fs28 \cf2 Personalisation is synced across your devices with end-to-end encryption
\f2 \cf3 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0\fs24 \cf3 \
Siri securely syncs this information among your devices, to make your experience consistent on all of them. This sync is done using end-to-end encryption.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b\fs28 \cf2 To make suggestions and search results more relevant, some information is sent to Apple and not associated with you
\f2 \cf3 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0\fs24 \cf3 \
In some cases, such as when you use Siri Suggestions in Spotlight, Look Up, or Safari, generalised topics of interest that Siri has learned may be sent to Apple to make your searches more relevant. These topics of interest (for example, cooking or basketball) will help to give you more relevant search results, and we use privacy-friendly techniques to disassociate these topics of interest from you.\
\
In addition to these topics of interest, when you perform a search, your device sends your search queries, suggestions you have selected, and related usage data to Apple to process your request. This information is not associated with you. Search results that show files and content on your device will not be sent.\
\
If you have Location Services on your device turned on, the location of your device will be sent to Apple to provide more relevant recommendations. Searches for common words and phrases may be forwarded from Apple to a search engine. These searches are not stored by the search engine provider. To provide you with more relevant music and video suggestions, if your device can access music or video subscription services, then information such as the names of the subscription services and types of subscriptions may be sent to Apple. Your account name, number and password will not be sent to Apple.\'a0Location, search queries, your interests and usage information sent to Apple will only be used by Apple to make Suggestions more relevant and to improve other Apple products and services.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b\fs28 \cf2 You have choice and control\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0\fs24 \cf3 \
You can stop apps from contributing information to personalise Siri. Go to System Preferences, click Siri, then select Siri Suggestions & Privacy. Unselect the tick box for an App.\
\
If you do not want Siri Suggestions to send your information to Apple, you can turn off Siri Suggestions. You may do so under System Preferences, select Spotlight and unselect the tick box Spotlight Suggestions and Spotlight Suggestions in Lookup. Safari Suggestions can be turned off in Safari. Open Safari, select the Safari menu and chose Preferences, click on Search, and toggle off Include Safari Suggestions.\
\
You can turn off Location Services for Siri Suggestions. To do so, open System Preferences, click Security & Privacy, select Location Services in the Privacy tab, select Details next to System Services, and unselect Location-Based Suggestions. If you turn off Location Services on your device, your precise location will not be sent to Apple. To deliver relevant search suggestions, Apple may use the IP address of your internet connection to approximate your location by matching it to a geographic region.\
\
Information collected by Apple will be treated in accordance with Apple\'92s Privacy Policy, which can be found at {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.apple.com/au/privacy"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 www.apple.com/privacy}}. }